Now let's talk about Macie.
Macie is a fully managed data security
and data privacy service that will use machine learning
and pattern matching to discover
and protect your sensitive data in AWS.
More specifically, it will alert you around sensitive data
such as personally identifiable information,
which is named PII.
So very simply, your PII data will be in your S3 buckets
and it will be analyzed by Macie
which will discover what data can be classified as PII.
And then will notify you
through EventBridge of the discoveries.
Then you can have integrations into an SNS topic,
Lambda functions and so on.
So Macie in this instance will be used
to find the sensitive data in your S3 buckets
and that's the only thing it will do.
It's just one click to enable it.
You just specify the S3 buckets you want to have
and that will be it.
So that's it for this lecture, very, very short,
but that's enough on Macie.
I hope you liked it, and I will see you in the next lecture.